README.md, before:

# Hello, I'm Angela Regina Rossi

Welcome to my GitHub profile, I'm an Italian writer, working as an Automations Writer and AI Specialist with a multidisciplinary background that spans from AI and automation to game music composition, classical and jazz piano, languages, and multimedia.

---

## 💼 Professional Experience

- **Blogger & Writer** (2017 – Present)   
  Freelance.

- **Automations Writer & AI Specialist** @ Henko SRL (Jul 2025 – Present)  
  Programming AI models and machine learning algorithms, creating business automations.

- **Junior System Administrator & Developer (Intern)** @ ELAN42 (May 2025 – Jun 2025)  
  Managed Plesk and WHMCS systems, providing hosting and customer support solutions.

- **Real Estate Assistant** @ VH&H (Feb 2025 – Apr 2025)  
  Maintained agency website and KrossBooking integration, assisted clients on-site.

- **Mathematics Tutor** @ University of Udine (Dec 2024 – Jul 2025)  
  Supported students in mathematics, assistant in Biometry 1 course.

- **Front & Back Office** @ Hotel ai Do Mori (Feb 2024 – Aug 2024)  
  Front & Back office roles, had to talk to costumers.

- **Kindergarten Teacher** @ an Italian public kindergarten (Oct 2023 – Dec 2023)

- **Copywriting Agent** @ Agape Luk (Mar 2023 – Jun 2023)  
  Email copywriting to influencers for selling digital services.

- **Library Assistant** @ Venice Music Conservatory B. Marcello (Dec 2022 – Jul 2023)  
  Transcription of newly-found autographs by Baldassarre Galuppi, Digitization of opera librettos.

- **Secretary** @ Europe Direct (Oct 2022 - Dec 2022)    
  Back office role.
    
- **Game Music Composer** @ 1 Simple Game (Aug 2022 – Jan 2023)  
  Composing soundtracks for video games.
  
- **Web Radio DJ** @ Neworld Millennium Inc. (Aug 2021 – Jan 2022)  
  DJ for a New York web radio.
  
---

## 🎓 Academic Background

- 💻 *MSc in Multimedia Communications and Information Technology*  
  **University of Udine**, 2026 | EQF 7  
  Focus: Artificial Intelligence, Industrial Automation, IoT  
  Thesis in progress: _"Miyazaki's and studio Ghibli animation techniques and technologies"_

- 🎵 *BA in Instrumental and Music Education*          
  **Conservatorio Benedetto Marcello**, 2024 | EQF 6    
  Focus: Jazz Piano     
  Thesis: _"Digital Dreams: How Videogames Revolutionized the World"_     

- 🌍 *Linguistic High School Diploma*        
  **Liceo Linguistico Niccolò Tommaseo**, 2021 | EQF 4   
  Focus: English, Spanish, and German    
  Thesis: _"Children of The Grave: The meaning of family in the English and German literature"_

- 🎹 *A-Levels in Piano*        
  **Trinity College London**, 2021 | EQF 3

---

## 📚 Publications

- **Momo, Billy e il cagnolino Willy (dall'altra parte)** – *Edizioni del Poggio*  
  *Published 2024*  
  Author: **Angela Regina Rossi**  
  ISBN: `9791280156426`  
  Series: *Il giardino della fantasia*  
  Language: Italian  
  Description: Illustrated monograph, 20×20 cm, unpaginated  
  Publication Country: Italy

---   

## 🧠 Skills & Technologies

- **Programming Languages:**  
  `Python`, `C++`, `C#`, `Java`, `JavaScript`, `HTML`, `SQL`, `.NET`, `Swift`, `MATLAB`, `Flutter`, `Jinja`

- **Specialties:**  
  AI & Machine Learning, Automation, Cloud & API Integration, DevOps, Game Development with Unity, Data Science (Jupyter), Arduino, and Music Technology

- **Tools & Frameworks:**  
  Unity, Blender, Rewst, WHMCS, Plesk, Angular

- **Languages:**  
  🇮🇹 Italian (Native), 🇬🇧 English (C2 - Cambridge Proficiency), 🇪🇸 Spanish (B2), 🇳🇴 Norwegian (B1), 🇩🇪 German (B1), 🇷🇴 Romanian (B1), Klingon (B1)      

---

## 🏅 Licenses & Certifications

- **Software Engineer** – *HackerRank*  
  *Issued Aug 2025*  
  [Show credential](https://www.hackerrank.com/certificates/iframe/f33082d83671)  

- **Automation Practitioner** – *Rewst*  
  *Issued Jul 2025*  
  Credential ID: `ws2b76qvdwe9`  
  Skills: `Jinja · Industrial Automation`  

- **Clean Automation** – *Rewst*  
  *Issued Jul 2025*  
  Credential ID: `ttc7senjxgt5`  
  Skills: `Jinja · Industrial Automation`

- **Building Your Career as a Professional Singer** – *Berklee College of Music / Coursera*  
  *Issued Aug 2023*  
  [Show credential](https://coursera.org/verify/6CWPWCQ8U9KY)

- **Singing Popular Music** – *Berklee College of Music / Coursera*  
  *Issued Aug 2023*  
  [Show credential](https://coursera.org/verify/RE2V2K284GQW)

- **Music Business Specialization** – *Berklee College of Music*  
  *Issued Aug 2023*  
  Credential ID: `JFK4X8ASTBAZ`  

---   

## 🛸 Volunteering Experiences     
TED Translator since 2023      

---      

## 📫 Get in Touch

- 📧 Email: [angela.rossi393@gmail.com](mailto:angela.rossi393@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Update education section in README
Added details about post diploma course and thesis.

README.md, after:

# Hello, I'm Angela Regina Rossi

Welcome to my GitHub profile, I'm an Italian writer, working as an Automations Writer and AI Specialist with a multidisciplinary background that spans from AI and automation to game music composition, classical and jazz piano, languages, and multimedia.

---

## 💼 Professional Experience

- **Blogger & Writer** (2017 – Present)   
  Freelance.

- **Automations Writer & AI Specialist** @ Henko SRL (Jul 2025 – Present)  
  Programming AI models and machine learning algorithms, creating business automations.

- **Junior System Administrator & Developer (Intern)** @ ELAN42 (May 2025 – Jun 2025)  
  Managed Plesk and WHMCS systems, providing hosting and customer support solutions.

- **Real Estate Assistant** @ VH&H (Feb 2025 – Apr 2025)  
  Maintained agency website and KrossBooking integration, assisted clients on-site.

- **Mathematics Tutor** @ University of Udine (Dec 2024 – Jul 2025)  
  Supported students in mathematics, assistant in Biometry 1 course.

- **Front & Back Office** @ Hotel ai Do Mori (Feb 2024 – Aug 2024)  
  Front & Back office roles, had to talk to costumers.

- **Kindergarten Teacher** @ an Italian public kindergarten (Oct 2023 – Dec 2023)

- **Copywriting Agent** @ Agape Luk (Mar 2023 – Jun 2023)  
  Email copywriting to influencers for selling digital services.

- **Library Assistant** @ Venice Music Conservatory B. Marcello (Dec 2022 – Jul 2023)  
  Transcription of newly-found autographs by Baldassarre Galuppi, Digitization of opera librettos.

- **Secretary** @ Europe Direct (Oct 2022 - Dec 2022)    
  Back office role.
    
- **Game Music Composer** @ 1 Simple Game (Aug 2022 – Jan 2023)  
  Composing soundtracks for video games.
  
- **Web Radio DJ** @ Neworld Millennium Inc. (Aug 2021 – Jan 2022)  
  DJ for a New York web radio.
  
---

## 🎓 Academic Background

- 💻 *MSc in Multimedia Communications and Information Technology*  
  **University of Udine**, 2026 | EQF 7  
  Focus: Artificial Intelligence, Industrial Automation, IoT  
  Thesis in progress: _"Miyazaki's and studio Ghibli animation techniques and technologies"_

- 🎵 *BA in Instrumental and Music Education*          
  **Conservatorio Benedetto Marcello**, 2024 | EQF 6    
  Focus: Jazz Piano     
  Thesis: _"Digital Dreams: How Videogames Revolutionized the World"_

- 🖋️ *Post Diploma Course in Communication and social media marketing in industrial companies*          
  **Università Pegaso**, 2024 | EQF 5     
  Focus: Communication   
  Thesis: _""_

- 🌍 *Linguistic High School Diploma*        
  **Liceo Linguistico Niccolò Tommaseo**, 2021 | EQF 4   
  Focus: English, Spanish, and German    
  Thesis: _"Children of The Grave: The meaning of family in the English and German literature"_

- 🎹 *A-Levels in Piano*        
  **Trinity College London**, 2021 | EQF 3

---

## 📚 Publications

- **Momo, Billy e il cagnolino Willy (dall'altra parte)** – *Edizioni del Poggio*  
  *Published 2024*  
  Author: **Angela Regina Rossi**  
  ISBN: `9791280156426`  
  Series: *Il giardino della fantasia*  
  Language: Italian  
  Description: Illustrated monograph, 20×20 cm, unpaginated  
  Publication Country: Italy

---   

## 🧠 Skills & Technologies

- **Programming Languages:**  
  `Python`, `C++`, `C#`, `Java`, `JavaScript`, `HTML`, `SQL`, `.NET`, `Swift`, `MATLAB`, `Flutter`, `Jinja`

- **Specialties:**  
  AI & Machine Learning, Automation, Cloud & API Integration, DevOps, Game Development with Unity, Data Science (Jupyter), Arduino, and Music Technology

- **Tools & Frameworks:**  
  Unity, Blender, Rewst, WHMCS, Plesk, Angular

- **Languages:**  
  🇮🇹 Italian (Native), 🇬🇧 English (C2 - Cambridge Proficiency), 🇪🇸 Spanish (B2), 🇳🇴 Norwegian (B1), 🇩🇪 German (B1), 🇷🇴 Romanian (B1), Klingon (B1)      

---

## 🏅 Licenses & Certifications

- **Software Engineer** – *HackerRank*  
  *Issued Aug 2025*  
  [Show credential](https://www.hackerrank.com/certificates/iframe/f33082d83671)  

- **Automation Practitioner** – *Rewst*  
  *Issued Jul 2025*  
  Credential ID: `ws2b76qvdwe9`  
  Skills: `Jinja · Industrial Automation`  

- **Clean Automation** – *Rewst*  
  *Issued Jul 2025*  
  Credential ID: `ttc7senjxgt5`  
  Skills: `Jinja · Industrial Automation`

- **Building Your Career as a Professional Singer** – *Berklee College of Music / Coursera*  
  *Issued Aug 2023*  
  [Show credential](https://coursera.org/verify/6CWPWCQ8U9KY)

- **Singing Popular Music** – *Berklee College of Music / Coursera*  
  *Issued Aug 2023*  
  [Show credential](https://coursera.org/verify/RE2V2K284GQW)

- **Music Business Specialization** – *Berklee College of Music*  
  *Issued Aug 2023*  
  Credential ID: `JFK4X8ASTBAZ`  

---   

## 🛸 Volunteering Experiences     
TED Translator since 2023      

---      

## 📫 Get in Touch

- 📧 Email: [angela.rossi393@gmail.com](mailto:angela.rossi393@gmail.com)
